OKAY NOW , WE NEED TO SECURE OUR SERVER.

2-   Secure the server: Update the system packages to the latest versions, configure a strong password for the root user, and disable remote root login.

    Update the system packages to the latest versions:
        when you update your frequently update the packages to the latest version, your a sheltered from virus(depending of the system),
            you have somme problem on your system that is directly corrected, you have a new versions of  somme application,
            so i advise you to do it frequently.

            to update your system, on ubuntu, that is a linus version system, you should type on your terminal:
                a- sudo apt update


    Configure a strong password for the root user:
        when you work in an enterprise, you hardly secure your computer 
            firstly, i advise you to setup a strong password, ideally with fifteen caracter.
            it should contain:
                - capital letter like <QSFRGH>
                - specials caracter like <!@#$%^&*>
                - and number like <1234567890>

            to change your ubuntu password, you need to type 
                a- sudo passwd       //and change your password.
    
    
    Disable remote root login
        when you remotly administrate a server, you need a secure canal to communicate with the sever, that is why SSH protocol was created.
            ssh is a protocol base on de client-server architecture, it use RSA(riverst-Shamir-adleman) or DSA(Digital-secure-Algorithm).
        
        SO desable remote root login is sommething recomentded for multiples reasons such as: 
            - limit compromissions risk: by desable remote root login , you reduce the the risk of brute force attak, and  the possibility for a hacker to remotely take root control(it is very dangerous because the root have all the privileges)
            - control of activity: if you use many user account , you can control all activity make on one account, every administrator will have thier account ,so it will be easy attribute resposability, and control tracability of actions mades.
            - Principle of least privilege: it consists to agree only the privileges required to do a specific task.

        ON ubuntu, to desable the remote root login:
            -Open the SSH configuration file sshd_config with the text editor vi:
                vi /etc/ssh/sshd_config
            -In the line PermitRootLogin yes replace the word Yes with the word No.
            -Save the file and exit.
            -Restart the service.
                Ubuntu:
                    service ssh restart
                CentOs:
                    systemctl restart sshd